Added link to repo (#1370)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/learn/bossroom/getting-started-boss-room.md

For more information on the art in Boss Room, see [ART_NOTES.md](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.coop/blob/v2.2.0/Documentation/ART_NOTES.md).

### Install the Boss Room project

To install the Boss Room project, download or clone it from the [com.unity.multiplayer.samples.coop](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.samples.coop) repository. 

> **Note**: If you use git, you must install Git LFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you install the project with Git, you must install Git LFS first.
```
